[Music]
be thoughtful of your frame rate or
frames per second setting although
humans see video as continuous motion it
is just a number of still images
displayed per second fooling our eyes
and brains to see motion the number of
still images called frames per second is
your frame rate common frame rates are
24 for movies 25 for Europe and other
regions 29.97 or 30 for the Us and other
countries or the double of
these the frame rate of your projects in
Cutting Room is set when creating a new
story this cannot be changed after
saving the selected frame rate your
frames per second should be set
according to what the destination of the
video prefers in other words the
intended use of the video influences the
frame rate setting if this doesn't
matter set it to what your content is
shot at
all content in Cutting Room regardless
of the frame rate setting in which it
was shot will automatically be converted
to the frame rate setting of the story
in Cutting Room for both the
preview and the rendered version Cutting
Room also enables a same as Source frame
rate which means that the frame rate of
the source video will be
used however if using the same as Source
frame rate you will not be able to add
images to your story as images don't
have frame
rates once setting the frame rate for
the story you will be able to add the
image if you have the admin role in
Cutting Room you can lock down which
frame rates a user can set for projects
you'll find this in the general settings
options even though Cutting Room will
always convert your content to the set
frame rate of a story it is a good idea
to keep the same frame rate from camera
to rendering to preserve the best
quality possible to help you with this
when shooting content directly into your
Cutting Room using the iPhone reporter
app you can set the frame rate for
recordings in the app to what your
projects and Cutting Room are set up to
be to do this go to settings then click
reporter on the left side expand the my
recordings bar and click on the drop-
down menu by frame rate here you will
see all the frame rate options in this
case the saved frame rate for my
recordings in the app is2 5 frames per
second you can also see this setting
when you open the reporter app and click
on the camera options setting with
Cutting Room manage your frame rates to
craft the best quality story for your
needs